#summary Descripción de componentes.

= Introducción =

Esta página contiene la información técnica de los componentes usados en el proyecto .


= Detalle =
=== Dagu Electronic Multi-Chassis - 4WD Kit (Basic) ===
||Comprado en|| Amazon|| 
||Vendedor|| [http://www.amazon.es/s/ref=bl_sr_automotive?ie=UTF8&field-brandtextbin=DAGU+ELECTRONIC&node=1951051031 DAGU ELECTRONIC]|| 
||Precio|| 39€||
||Referencia del fabricante||DG012-BV|| 

*Description*: This is the Multi-Chassis Basic 4WD Kit, an easy to assemble and use robot chassis platform. The Multi-Chassis kit provides you with everything you need to give your robot a fast four wheel drive platform with plenty of room for expansion to add various sensors and controllers. All you need to do is supply is a basic motor driver and power and you'll be ready to drive!

This Multi-Chassis Basic 4WD Kit includes four 48:1 DC gearboxes that independently drive each of the 65mm low-profile wheels. Each side of the 2.5mm thick aluminum frame comes cut with plenty of attachment points to add a multitude of different robot controllers, drivers, and sensors.

Note: A building instruction booklet with a complete list of items included is inside this kit and in the documents section below. This comes as a kit but includes all the hardware and tools necessary for assembly.

Dimensions:
Completed Kit Size - 165L x 157W x 65H mm
Wheel Diameter - 65 mm

Kit Includes:
1x Aluminum Frame
4x 65 mm Diameter 48:1 DC Gearbox
4x Low-Profile Wheel
4x M3 25mm Standoff
6x M3 8mm Screw
4x M2.5 25mm Screw
4x 2.5 20mm Screw
8x M3 8mm Screw
8x M2.5 Nut
2x M3 Nut
1x 5 AA Battery Holder
1x Spanner
1x Screw Driver

Documents:
Datasheet (DG02S Gearbox)
Instruction Booklet
Product Video